<!--
 Instructions
1. Prepare 3 files - index.html, style.css and script.js to write your HTML, CSS and
JavaScript respectively.
2. You can include any of these 3 libraries for your assignment - Bootstrap, jQuery or
VueJS.
3. Use of these libraries is optional.
4. Use of AngularJS or ReactJS is prohibited.
5. When using these or other libraries, include them using CDN.
6. Write your own stylesheet. Do not copy paste from 3rd party code.


Assignment

Prepare a single-page Shopping Cart workflow as given below.
Page Loading
1. On loading of page, show two products added to cart:
a. BBC micro:bit (Quantity 1, Price 1500)
b. Arduino Uno R3 (Quantity 1, Price 600)
2. Include appropriate images for these products from internet.
3. (Optional) User should have an option to update quantity of the added products.
4. (Optional) User should have an option to delete any of these products.


Shipping Address
5. After proceeding, user should be able to select one of the 3 existing shipping addresses.
6. (Optional) User should have a check box to select “Billing address same as shipping address”
7. (Optional) User should be able to add new shipping address.
8. (Optional) User should be able to edit an existing address.


Billing Address (Optional)
9. (Optional) On proceeding, user should be able to select one of the 3 existing billing
addresses.

Credit Card
10. On proceeding, user will be asked to enter credit card details. Confirmation
11. On submitting the credit card, the message should be shown that “Thank you for your
order” with relevant additional details.


Scoring
The scoring is based on below points
1. Aesthetics of the web page UI
2. Intuitiveness and ease of use
3. Simplicity and elegance
4. Requirement coverage of the above specifications
Timeline
Last date of submission: 25th April 2023
Format of submission:
● Submit a zip file containing 3 files - index.html, style.css and script.js
● Put these in google drive as a ZIP file and share the link with access to
anand@iodparts.com, Folder name should be “the Name of candidate
-->
